[Music]
hay has gone Dave 2d here the new
MacBook Air just got announced with the
new Mac Mini as well as the new iPad pro
the MacBook Air this is the old one was
a device that I think for a lot of
people was like that gateway product
into the Apple ecosystem and I think
it's been long overdue for a refresh
it's now running a 13.3 inch Retina
display
so 2560 by 1600 it's got an updated
design a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports and
those can go all the way up to four PCIe
lanes it's got a headphone jack but no
USB a now the keyboard that they're
putting into this new MacBook Air is
that third-generation of butterfly
switch keyboard and here's my take on
that
so the original MacBook Air one of the
things that made it so vastly popular
was its keyboard
I think this keyboard was loved by
basically everyone that used it even
Apple haters would touch this keyboard
and appreciate that this was an
excellent keyword especially for an
ultrabook
the keyboard on the new MacBook Airs
those butterfly switch keyboards
those are divisive keyboards I feel like
some people liked them some people
tolerate them but a lot of people just
straight-up dislike it and it's a
keyboard that is gonna shape the
adoption of that new MacBook Air that
butterfly switch style keyboard has been
around for several years now and a lot
of people still don't like it the CPU
that they're running is a fanless hny
processor it's the i5 8200 why they've
bumped the clock up to 1.6 it's a
respectable cpu nothing crazy
it's a 2 core CPU I think it'll fit the
needs of most people but I want to talk
about the thing that thing is most
important about this new MacBook Air and
it's the price tag so it's what I think
is a very expensive machine for what
you're getting so the MacBook Air
tradition like the old one has been not
that it's like a budget product but it's
kind of like an entry-level MacBook at
$1,000 it got you into Mac OS I think
for a lot of students and professionals
that was basically what they needed this
new MacBook Air starts at $1,200 and in
this market right now in 2018 that is
not an inexpensive device see if this
thing is started $1000 this thing would
have just crushed the market $1000
MacBook Air like the new MacBook Air
would have been amazing people would
have been buying it off the shelves but
at twelve-hundred it's a good laptop but
it's just not that entry-level product
that the Mac
there used to be so you're now competing
at that price point with other Mac
products like the $1300 MacBook Pro it's
a little bit heavier like a hundred 150
grams heavier but you're getting a way
better screen a more robust CPU a more
robust system overall for an extra
hundred dollars not that the MacBook Air
is a bad system it's just that name used
to be synonymous with decent value in
the Ultrabook line and it's I don't
think it is this year moving on to the
iPad so the new iPad pro looks awesome
this year there's no home button the
bezels are smaller the whole design just
looks a lot cleaner to me I do find it
weird that the corners the display have
a different radius than the corners of
the device it just looks really
unappetizing that new iPad pro looks
amazing I think a lot of people don't
recognize just how efficient and how
powerful Apple's chips are compared to
stuff from Intel I think we're on the
cusp of seeing Apple running their own
chips and stuff on their laptops instead
of using Intel stuff the pencil the
magnetic pencil I mean this is something
that interests me but every single time
I've used an Apple pencil on an iPad pro
I felt like it was so silly how this one
was charged and how it never connected
magnetically to the iPad but they fixed
all that this year
it now has use PC connectivity which is
nice I feel like it's a bit of a stretch
in terms of just how useful that will
really be I mean it looks cool in
pictures and you know have an external
monitors and stuff like that but because
this device still doesn't have Mouse
support it's gonna be difficult for apps
to really take advantage of external
displays because you still have to
navigate through the iPad touch controls
or a pen right and that's usually not
ideal for most applications they've also
removed the headphone jack
and I think that's something that a lot
of existing iPad users use so that's
honestly quite disappointing but in the
pursuit of aesthetics that's what they
have to do okay last thing Mac Mini this
is a device that hasn't been refreshed
in almost four years it got a pretty
heavy overhaul it looks to have user
upgradeable RAM which is good I don't
think I can upgrade the storage which is
a bummer it's got a four or six core CPU
both options are pretty solid the GPU in
here still pretty weak so honest I'm
running an external GPU you're not going
to run any kind of graphically intensive
applications the pricing on it is
disappointing to me it's a $300 price
bump from the previous generation
I used to think that the Mac Mini was
one of their best valued products and he
could open it up you kind of throw in
RAM storage pretty easily and I think
for a lot of developers that was device
that they use right that was like the
you could plug up to your existing
monitor your existing keyboard and now
you could develop Mac applications
without spending too much money but at
$800 that's a pretty steep investment
not that it's a bad product it's nice
that it's been updated and it's a pretty
good looking device this year but it's
just a lot more expensive than I thought
it would be considering the pricing of
small desktops right now
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it subs we'd love to see
you guys next time